production. I'm the math major in college. So anyway, so I had a great time with main friends and PCs and we've hit somebody like that. I'm going to Silicon Valley and I sold a browser in 90, late May 3 and I was like, everyone's going to be on the internet now. So I have to get to Silicon Valley. I changed careers again when I sold because it's all the company I was like, let me be useful. I'll go do something with climate tech because you know, you do those things. I don't know. I don't. I'd like great time for things to build a billion dollar consulting business all around climate tech. And then I saw chat you can see and I was like, "duh, of course, we're going to rebuild everything Not your genome which is probability not the images and the blood cells especially But the end point was what's happening now So I love that and then I think This is not this is not enough. I want to do more. What else am I gonna do? Well, sure anyway, that's my so hello since 2008. But around 2010 or 11 I saw this video that changed my life. It was like Jeff Hinton doing a Google Tech Talk about restricted Boltman machines and the MNIST data set and show it. Because I always been interested in neural nets. I spent a whole summer during the flight I think after my sophomore year reading this massive book called the MIT with them but like you know you couldn't train a deep net and I was always thinking like yeah deeper to be better but you couldn't train them and then I saw this video and it was like reading layer-wise training the restricted Boltman machines and I was like this is it this is this is I need to figure out how to apply this to the stock market and you know in my day job I'm like sitting there reading transcripts and like 10Ks and stuff but then I increasingly became obsessed and you know I had to teach myself how to program and back myself in this in a very deep level. And I was trying so that, you know, in 2020 rolled around, I actually was just telling my mom about how I found this old, this old old old Facebook post I made in like May of 2020 and this was like two years before J.T.T.T. and they just what happened was that the G.T.T.T.T. 3 came out and you couldn't even use it though like unless you had like you had to sort of get access through this like role play and but I remember I posted a thing on Facebook I was like everybody should know about this because this is gonna change And so I was like, immediately like full-fledged believer. And sort of since then, the things really kind of accelerated for me because I actually also kind of had a detour into crypto. And as part of that, I became essentially full-time individual contributor to my own project. And so I, as soon as Chachi BT came out, I was using it to help me code. - You know, I just sort of, by the way, your thesis is still correct. - Well, yeah. - The timing was set. - Well, I mean, the timing did work because the stock fell like 40 something per cent from the moment I put my, you know, and it's not like these calls are like good indefinitely. And I always said in the article like that on a huge bull and believer in this, I just think that, you know, maybe we'll hit an air pocket. And I was actually wrong about that like, rack-rated companies have to pay it. They'd be like $200,000 a month. And now-- - I'm quite-- - Yeah, because I have questioned you. So I'm also, I'm also, I'm not using, but I'm also a great believer that sometimes, if you will get 80% of the performance at 20% of the cost, I am open source Chinese model, last IQ points are worth a lot to me. And so to me, it's a no-brainer to only use I only use Focus 4/7 and G55.5, only ever use ex-profit, reasoning and effort. I actually do use Gemini just for code review, but those are the only models I use. And it's funny 'cause I was in early, I was involved early on in some of the open model, open weight stuff, but it's just to me, that basically turbocharged. So, you know, I already was on a kind of exponential path in terms of like my own productivity. And then around, you know, you know,
