[MUSIC PLAYING] (wind howling) (wind howling) (wind howling) (wind howling) (wind howling) (wind howling) [wind blowing] Hi, how are you? - You were a conversation and I don't know what he told you. So maybe I'll just introduce myself. - Sure, yeah. But I, I'm a day when I'm a kid. - Mm-hmm. - I am not a kid's a guy. - Okay. - I joined McKinsey seven years ago after I sold my last company. And I didn't know what to do next. I'm the math major at the college. I'm the same parents. Yeah. So anyway, so I had a great time with the main friends of PCs and the kids who went like that. I grew to Silicon Valley. And I sold a browser in '90, late '93. And I was like, everyone's going to be on the internet now. So I have to get to Silicon Valley. I changed careers again when I sold the mobile like let me be useful, I'll go do something with climate tech because you know, you do those things, but you say, you know, I don't know. At a great time, it's built a billion dollar consulting business all around climate tech and then I saw chat you can see about us like, duh, of course, we're going to rebuild everything with intelligence on demand within. is the blood test. That's fascinating. But at the end, going forward, what's happening now? So I love that. And then I think this is not working. This is not enough. I want to do more. What else am I going to do? I'm talking to everyone. I don't know about it. What else should I do? Anyway, that's my-- so hello, I'm sorry. That's probably too much. No, no, no, I'm sorry. That was pretty abbreviated. Yeah, I mean, like I said, I studied math. 10 or 11, I saw this video that changed my life. It was like Jeff think then doing a Google tech talk about restricted Boltzmann machines and the MNIST data set and showing it. And 'cause I always been interested in neural nets, like I spent a whole summer during the like, I think after my sophomore year reading this massive book called the MIT Handbook of Brain Theory and neural nets. And I was always thinking like, yeah, deeper, be better, but you couldn't train them. And then I saw this video and it was like, greedy, layer wise, training, the restricted Boltman machines. And I was like, this is it. This is, this is, I need to figure out how to apply this to the stock market. And you know, in my day job, I'm like sitting there reading transcripts and like 10Ks and stuff. But then I increasingly became obsessed. And you know, I had to teach myself how to program. myself in this in a very deep level. And I was trying so that, you know, in 2020 rolled around, I actually was just telling my mom about how I found this old Facebook post I made and like May of 2020. And this was like two years before J.T.T.D. And they just, what happened was that the G.P.D. 3 came out and you couldn't even use it though, like unless you had like you had to sort of Yeah, I was sort of ready to believe. Like, I already was basically convinced that deep neural nets could do anything. And it was just a matter of time. And so I was like, immediately like full-fledged believer and sort of since then, you know, the things really kind of accelerated for me because I actually also kind of had a detour into crypto. And as part of that, I became essentially full-time video that like crashed the stock $600 billion in one day. I didn't know you were. That's amazing. Well, well. And so, you know, I just sort of, by the way, your thesis is still correct. Well, just the timing was the timing. Well, I mean, the timing didn't work because the stock fell like 40 something percent from the moment I put my, you know, and it's not like these calls are like good and definitely. the $200 a month accounts and I'm spending 12 and a half thousand dollars a month on AI. And if I were to be paying the API, the companies have to pay it, they'd be like $200,000 a month. And now I'm a-- >> I'm a questioner. So I'm also-- I'm also-- I'm not asking-- but I'm also a great believer of the used for my own kind of development work and the kind of development I'm doing is like really pushing the absolute limits of what the models can do. And so those last IQ points are worth a lot to me and so to me it's a no brainer to only use Focus 4.7 and G55.5 only ever use ex-profit reasoning effort. I actually do use Gemini just for code review but those would be only models I use. and has to go over the trance and like that makes sense to me. And like you were saying, like for sort of limited use it, but like yeah, for stuff where I'm writing this crazy code. Yeah, so anyway, like that basically turbocharged. So I already was on a kind of exponential path in terms of like my own productivity. And then around, the problem that I was facing was MCP agent now. And now it's like very popular. It has like 2000 plus stars on GitHub. And it's basically-- because I found myself in the middle often saying, hey, well, the front end agent is saying this and pasting it to the back end agent. And I'm like, why do I need to be in the middle as a liaison between this? This is crazy. They should just send each other messages. And so I sort of used an email as an analogy and just created it. It's all local and using the markdown files of people think that the way to have multiple agents working on the same project is you've got to use these things called get work trees. And that only seemed crazy to me. So I said, what about something that's like, I call it advisory file reservations, where the agents just say, hey, I'm going to be working on this file for now. So don't touch it. But if you really need to, you can ask me. And if I just vanish or die or forget to keep going, like they'll eventually expire, How do you get more out of these agents that get, and all of the, as soon as that hit, that was like, went viral like multiple times, and then, but, but in my own GitHub contributions, they skyrocketed. Because now's all of a sudden, I could usually get 10, 15 agents, and they could be like, you know, 8 codex, 8 cloud code, all working at the same time on one project on one machine, that's a big difference, right? can't be vendor the bottleneck. You can't have 16 of them. And so I wanted them to sort of have the freedom to try to, you know, to just do stuff without permission. But then I created a thing called destructive command guard, which is like a mechanical, it's called a pre-tooling use hook that checks that, you know, the commands are trying to do against the whole sort of like database of patterns that I know are destructive or dangerous. And it blocks them from doing that you know, these agents are, I used to be a Python guy and then a type on a type script and then I realized like, hey, Rust is a hard language for people but it's not hard for the agents and then you get memory safety and performance and portability, it's just way better. The problem is the Rust compiler is like extremely compute intensive and if you have like 10 agents on the same and build workers that I can sort of move the building onto them to keep the machines performing for the agent. And it's just one after another, I kind of saw these. And I sort of call the, oh yeah, and the other thing is, I don't know if you heard of this guy Steve Yaggy, but he created this thing called beads. Beez is a very important sort of discovery, if you will. It's essentially this like Jira or Linner, but where it's made for agents, right? scanner, UBS. And there are these tools for programmers called Linters that try to do static analysis of the code to flag problems. And the thing about Linters is that for people to be willing to use them, they have to have very low false positives, right? And they people also wanted to be able to mechanically fix the problems that it finds. But I realize that this no longer applies in the agent world. flywheel where you have the agents use the tool. And then I even created a thing that's sort of like a feedback form, like a net promoter score for the agents, where it's like how was it today when you use the UBS tool? Like what would you recommend it to your fellow agents? Like why or why not? And then taking all that feedback and then putting it back in to make the improvements. And then also it's like, I never, I never blame the customer, right? rant in like 2011 about Google that went very viral so he's like a well-known guy and so I started using this and It's funny because You know what he he vibe coded it in going and it just and But oh my I have a policy. I don't take any contributions from any one like you can submit a PR on GitHub and I'll have my agents like review it my self. And so I came up with my own, you know, completely different. Like I see the things I always go back to first principles. Like so I'm sure there's like a normal way for people to pork stuff but that's not the way I did it. And I came up with like a kind of clean room re-implementation approach to courting things into rust. And I was able to in a few days I ported the whole viewer, because I wanted to be able to see the tasks and subtasks and what's happening in my project. And so I made a nice terminal user interface for beads. And I always added what I call the robot mode to my tools so that they could be called from this command line and where it's optimized for an agent. And the funny thing is that I barely used the UI now for the best known graph theorists and history. And so I had a chance I get to apply graph theory to stuff. I got excited. And so I started basically doing all this elaborate graph theory on the dependency structure. And it turned out to be incredibly useful, because what it lets you do is it lets you optimize the structure of tasks so that you could maximize throughput and concurrency and deep bottlenecks stuff. Because it's all about how many agents David was able to do all of this, where you know had a rent of VPS in the cloud and then just with a one you know one line or curl bash installer it installs as whole suite of tools and configures it all and it's all like completely cross like it's provider agnostic model like NOS that did it's all designed to work you know really well with codex like you could search instantly. And then that's part of my five-wheel collection of tooling. And so anyway, I did all that. And the question is how exactly do you monetize that? Because I felt like I wanted this to be building public open something like $8,000 of MRR, but with each person paying $20 a month, it's a fair number of users. And it's been interesting to build that sort of business out because the whole thing is automated. Like there's this whole elaborate like, you know, user support ticketing system that I created and the agents handle that. Like every day I get, you know, few tickets and the agents sort of just respond to everything People are like, "Whoa, every day I get something like four emails thanking me for fixing something or adding a feature." And I'm like, "I don't even know what you're thanking me for. I didn't even read your issue." But my agents triaged it and did it for you and responded as me. And so I'm glad you're happy. But you know, so anyway, I did all this stuff and then it's, you know, people were like, "Well, what have you actually made with all this stuff other than just more agent-to-one?" start creating a couple sort of green field projects, the one I'm most proud of is the A Super St, where one of my big insights is that going back to math is that people do not appreciate A, how smart these frontier models are, and B, how absolutely expert they are about all areas and sure and applied math. And so I basically realized that there is this whole academic field called structured concurrency It's very hard to do if you're just doing it naively and that's how you end up with all these zombie processes and even very popular software like bun it is if this is problems horrible and endemic in these things and whereas this structure concurrency researchers figured out how to basically turn it into a kind of an algebra where you get like mathematical proofs of What's called? like bubble tea and all these different libraries into rust. And I ported a TypeScript library called Hope and Chew Me into Rust. And then I said, "Okay, I want to create the unholy alliance of all of these things. I want to create a new project that combines all the sort of best ideas and abstractions from all these things. And I call that Franken-Truly, a Chumberly user interface." And that was sort of the start of my kind of Franken-sleep, if you will. basically have now we fly like basically every big important open source project you can imagine I'm making a frank and versional okay and so you mentioned databases my favorite databases is SQLI but the problem with SQLI is that you can only have one writer at a time and so if you have a bunch of concurrent you know agents trying to write to something you Escalite was designed 25 years ago when people have one core, but now I have 128 cores. Like how can we redesign it to use all these cores? And then the other thing is if you ever have dealt with these right-ahead logs in Escalite, they can get corrupted. If you run out of space suddenly, or there's an hour out of it, or whatever, love but I've created this thing that is a complete drop in replacement for SQLite that has full concurrent writers and that if you can go in there and literally flip bits in the wall files and it will just automatically fix them detect the problem and fix them so it's like super robust and it's faster than a frankenetripe text to complete drop in replacement, but it's something like 50 times faster because it's all written in this hyperoptimized rust. So anyway, this is all, so I'm kind of catching up to my programming. So I'm starting to get a kind of a cult following on acts and other places as someone like I know how to get the most out of these agents at scale, not just writing a lot of code, think it's like measure twice cut once, but like writ large, where if you, you know, you can have an extremely ambitious and comprehensive plan as a markdown file that's only 5,000 lines long, okay? But if you were to actually crystallize that into code, now all of a sudden you're talking about something that's absolutely massive. And so if you can, the longer you can stay in plan space, everything can stay in the that was available, essentially review and integrate all this stuff in a plant. And then just do an iteration after iteration where it's like starting with fresh contact saying, I have this plan, I hope we make it more performant, more robust, more reliable, more like a creative, whatever it is. And just a lot of people are in such a rush to get started. And I found that I will sometimes do 10, 15 rounds you're just now into a bead space. And bead space, it blows things up because each bead has to be completely self-contained. And it makes you, it's a lot of stuff that was sort of implicit in the original plan. But it also helps you figure out this dependency structure of CAS. And actually a lot of problems that you would miss the moth, even that those keep telling the models, set of beads, which are just like JSONL basically just this kind of structured thing. And then the beauty of that is that basically when you're done with that, I'd say you're sort of 90% of the way home and after that it's sort of machine-tending. Then I have a tool I may have an NTN named Tmux Manager, which essentially lets you orchestrate these forms and I have skills for how to use this stuff. And so it'll basically allow spin up a swarm of like 5 codecs and 5 plot code and they and switch into review rounds where you're just looking for bugs and problems and fixing them. And then I have these various other skills that help figure out finalize and land the plane. And this is like this process that I figured out that really lets you do. And it's like what every big company is trying to figure out how to do. This is how can they leverage these agents at scale so that they can do high quality, Oh, it needs to get broken down into these pieces. You do this. You do that. You may recommend you're going to get it done in a week. Come back and tell me every day how you're getting off. I'll check with you. I'll do any unblocking this necessary separate evening. And you are eventually done with this bullshit of my coding where it's just by definition. You can't trust it because the context window is so big when it is. Well, they make this the big problem they make is I think the best analogy to this is they complete the role of like the contractor builder with the architect. Like you would not try to make a house whereas the guy's nailing two by fours. He's designing the house. You first make the blueprint and the publisher publish the writing of the reference. We'll figure out all the problems in the planning phases in the blueprint and then this is the other big analogy is that And not only that, they have such a surplus of available context that you could load them up with all these other things like skills and rules about what you must do and how to do things the right way. I don't know, you're a company. I don't know what you're going to think, but I'm going to ask them, "Very specific." Yes. On your Franklin SQLite. Yes. and golden artifacts where it's like you use the legacy S2O light and with sample databases and you have all these requests and say, "Okay, this is the correct output. I have to match that." And any time you make a change to the code you're checking that all these conformance harnesses still are, you know, perfect and nothing's broken. So yeah. That's amazing. I'm not a believer in the no S2O. huge benefits in terms of optimization and indexing. So the relational model is really good. But it does have that issue where, obviously, databases are a huge business. Postgres is big. There's this company, Superbase, which is going vertical. And it's all, I think, a lot of these use cases Yes, it allowed the engineering manager to just say the product team has given us this spec. We know that it's going to be wrong. It'll be extended in the future. Let's use that, no SQL. So that when they got a new feature, we just added you. Well, it's posted somewhere. There's a lot of friction introduced by when the Abastina was now needed worry about migrations and the IRA, IRA database, even the became Oracle too. Nice. Because Oracle could build the next version of Oracle. So they bought a relational database from IRA. And it was a nightmare because there had no real tools to make that a product. It was-- I think this is in the late '80s. It was-- it was-- Anyway, it's number two. - I hate it, that's what I've felt in the book. - What you all describing though is like, it's beautiful. Wait, you're not a fool. - Yeah, you don't need so many assumptions about how things should work that and people are still wedded to the past, they have these sacred cows and they're very slow to revise their priors. I mean, I've seen this before where it's like, that they can't have driving. It's like it's... - So I'm just, I'm not as... So hold on, so... So by just rewinding, so... The story of Jack at the moment is, built this large library, open source tools, that are all is, and is contributions only, correct? It was for efficiency. - Yes. - You've got a small, nascent kind of tools business on the side. It's actually the crypto company for Sam Altman's Worldcoin thing. And they're paid $5,000 to talk to them for an hour on Zoom to teach them about my methods. You know, I've had to do this stuff, which I thought was pretty cool. That's pretty easy for me just to talk about this. And so that's sort of like something that I'm increasingly trying to do more of. a lot of money this year, like any piece. It's like, that's not a problem. Like, you know, we can, and I'm sure I'd actually, now that I think about it, I probably just gotta take a bit. David, that job. But whatever. The thing is, I have been working for myself for about, you know, six years now. And I just really like having the complete autonomy of, 'cause if I tried to convince people that this was a good use of time and tokens of money six months ago, no one would believe it. But it's turned out that like, Peter Box in reference to Peter Steinberger, the open flaw guy. Because I want, that's what I would like to have. It's them giving me $100 million and then we create an agent flywheel foundation and a Frankenstein foundation where we keep all that stuff open source and it becomes like a public wood and it stays sort of like model and provider agnostic There are harnesses. Although they always do it in a kind of like walled garden closed version. So like there's these things, clawed teams within clawed code, but it's only clawed top and a claw. It's not clawed top and a codex or a gentleman. And everything is done in a way to sort of get you entrenched in their ecosystem. but particularly in different ways and entirely complimentary, and you get the best results by combining. - Yeah, because anything about this model that I have, did hear, one of the things that's been following me is, and this is true, and there's a real question I'm not like, I actually don't know the answer. It seems to me that codecs is not actually a model. It is, it sits on top of, the GPT 5.5 is the model, and then codecs is the harness, but just like you have Opus 4.7 is the model, and Claude They work well. And so they can't improve it. Yeah. Right. So you've got the model and then you've got the harness or application that sits on top. And they happen to be calling codettes. And then what is happening, what I'm observing in particular with that topic is they keep using the term model for code code. They keep calling it a model. The thing is, there are only so many programmers in the world. That number is dwarfed by the number of knowledge workers. So for example, my skill site had its biggest days of new signups when I introduced skills like the tax prep, tax consultant skill or the state planning skill because there's just like for every programmer there's 100 non-programmers but they're interested in using this a PC, web, mobile, or now AI. Everything is going to get rewritten for this new paradigm. Yep. Right. And what that means is to me, you've got the models of the equivalent of-- and it's not the perfect analogy, but of the operating system, or of any of those five previous generations. The inference device was a PC, it was a phone, hundreds, thousands, and dramatically more value created by vertical specific applications. Yeah, I would agree with that, but I think in this case the frontier labs know that and so they're trying to front run everyone by hoovering up data and trying to hire the superstars, you know, in each vertical, like for example, all of that too. So I think there's two different things and I think they're different to what I'm saying as well. So just one by one, I think these new consulting firms that created, I know actually I'm a friend of one of the firms that open AI purchase. So, first of all, if I are less interested, that's different than building a solution that's actually just cleaning the surface of these organizations. The second is, if you build a matter of who builds it, consulting firm or you build an internment, if you build a custom app for your corporation, you've got a large sunk cost, no matter what the efficiency is relative to buying software from someone. what I have arrived on through sort of trial and error and a lot of iteration what I think is a solution specifically for head like I'm a hedge fund guy I've done that you know I don't know if you're familiar with the value investors club website have you ever heard of that it's a site Joel Green Lab created this thing in the 90s and it's like all the hedge fund guys are on long one short and they both won the prize back to back and they both worked out very well. So when I talk to funds, I tell them, if you draw the Venn diagram of people who are sort of provably, and I've also worked at Millennium twice and they would not hire me the second time if I sucked the first time. any other software project, I would say like hedge funds are sort of like the final boss of like knowledge work because it's like you're it's so difficult. It's you're getting graded every day. It's like there's so much information. There's like the filings. There's the transcripts. There's the like all the alternative data. And and it's like the people who are really good and to do the hedge fund work. Those So that's okay with quick Jeff, hold on, I can play a group and let me come back to this book. So I told you about the consulting and then the reason I do not believe and it never has happened before and it won't happen this time. I don't believe the big AI labs are going to create all the vertical software is because people are not in it. 40 or 50 years. So we've been automating and automating all of it. We can automate more. But we will not solve it all because these AI's not close to AI yet. Well, I don't disagree with that. I'd say their frontier models combined with the frontier harness using my skills and me prompting it is smarter than anybody I know, as far as I mean in many ways. But my claim is that I can do the exact same thing and all these other verticals. And this same-- and so what I've converged on, because I started this last year with the project that I called Smart Edgar, which was supposed to be like a sort of AI for hedge funds, but product ties. And what I've-- it sort of has evolved a lot since then. And now what I-- this is what I make, which is-- and what it runs on your local machine, on your computer, on your desk. And if you can provide it with API keys, all these different data sources, like I have a thing, massive that I use for market data, another API, I found these very good value price APIs for 70 bucks a month, or 100 bucks a month, one gets you all the transcripts from all, separate consumer finance product called Midas Edge. But I created a Midas Edge API for, I've essentially replicated all the bara style factor stuff from first principles. And so let's you do the kind of factory compositions and done all this stuff with ingesting every 13F and saying, you know, holder IQ, alpha adjusted holder IQ and all this kind of stuff. So this is, you know, kind of proprietary data stream. But essentially it provides this unified interface I've made a thing like B at the boilerplate free version, where it essentially goes through, it strips out all the nonsense. You don't need a table of contents. You don't need to have a header and a footer on every single page. And then every 10K has this huge laundry list of risk factors, most of which are just pure boilerplate. Like you don't need to, you know, for company makes like, you know, lab equipment for animal testing and it's a good need to know about their climate change risk factor. providers and everything. And so any kind of tabular data that you want to pull in, it also gives you the ability. Like for example, with Google Trends data, I like to take the five year weekly data, which is dimensionless. And I do a 90 day trailing average and then compute a year over year percentage change in that. And then do a Z score on that. And then I also like to look at the second derivative of that. be useful for McDonald's hours to try to find like purchasing in intent. Or like, when AAA introduced KSO, you might know about that from reading the transcripts and say, "Oh, let me look for, you know, AAA KSO to see how that products do." And so some of this stuff actually requires the agent to be smart and kind of creative to come up with the what to query for. is the skills. And I think skills, I think the issue with your analogy before is that the vertical applications are actually skills and they solve all the problems because first of all what people think of as a skill is like very limited. Skills can be much much much much more than what people think of skill is just a markdown file. It's so like if you looked at some of my skills, you should references and a good skill is one that is maximally sort of agent intuitive and ergonomic but also efficient in terms of token usage so they really use progressive disclosure. They only show you what you need to know to decide is this relevant and then as you go deeper just the stuff that you need to see because otherwise they'll quickly Whatever it is, and if both of us are good access to the same data, what happens is we start developing new different strategies, different automation pathways to get better at using the same data. And then someone brings in new data or you dream up and you whether you get data. And we just, we keep escalating and escalating. And so when you develop a new tool that can be used by anybody in hedge funds, the way on your own day, you're not your own experience. And as it what happens is, the lock-in from the software occurs not from individual skills, but the lock-in and the value I had occurs from this. Intro to projects. Yes, I call it the fly reel. Yeah, the synergistic fly, the mining, your agent sessions to go back. It's like the serpent eating its own tail, where you go back, you mine from that, And what happened with that is I first made a skill, the NTM skill, which explains how to use NTM just as a tool. But then I made another skill called Vibing with NTM, which is like how to apply NTM as part of this broader workflow, which is sort of what I was describing as my flywheel approach, you know, in the implementation phase. utility but not just in the abstract but you can use these commands in the HFTT tool to actually pull the data and do the analysis and hear examples. So it's like the tooling is integrated in a very deep way in the skills. And then the HFTT tool is closed source and it's only available to my consultant clients. are ultimately English language for the most part in workflows and You can go in that like you're not gonna feel comfortable going in and editing code files But you absolutely could go feel comfortable saying hey, let's revise how the skill works to give you know some feedback into how to make it better and so it empowers them as practitioners of their field but not necessarily One of them was in inbound. I sold them, they had been interviewing like 10 different places. And I sold them completely in the first call. And we had a signed deal a couple days later. And then yesterday I had a warm lead from one of my friends that I never had met before, but each known my friend for a few years. And we had a three and a half hour call, and by the end they said send over the agreement. And that's 30,000 a month. And I'm like, and so I realized like, oh my God, because I want you to understand what these skills are because this isn't just, these skills are not just a, by the way, how I'll show you both the tool, the data tool, you can just see how sort of a lab or like crates are having organized like a rust project in sort of these modular units. You can just see like this is just through like the letter B, right? just a pile of skill. It's an integrated, cohesive coherent system of modular, composable skills. So they form a hierarchy of abstractions. So you might have, for example, a level one skill would be my management alignment skill, which you can see like, so it's an L1 universal plug, because it applies to any company. It doesn't matter. It's a software company or machinery. And you can see, they have a sort of the description situation or is this like a bunch of professional managers with no skin in the game, all this kind of stuff. And it sort of walks you through here so you can see like it has two wing notes that you can see it. It references HFDT. It also represents, it also references this thing EE which is another one of my, it's an open source project called I'd DataGangen which is like a structured memory for these like the assets, this is like the worksheet that it goes and fills out that keeps everything in a kind of uniform way so that you're not just like you're creating an artifact that is like permanent state that you can record and return to later and see how things are changing and you can see like owner operator stewardship diagnostic like it has all these different you know fields okay so let's just protect you know where it just shows you this kind of work clothes, scoring guides, failure modes, and you just keep on going through your bad management as an asset. Poor governance and effort is, you know, it just keeps going and there's this massive amount of death. Like when you look at the form for us, not just like making sense of them, like, you know, because people often do this stuff in a sloppy way and it looks like the guys sold a lot of stock. like core principle, it has a system contract that tells you where to consume some produces. And again, it tells you how to do stuff using the tooling. But a lot of these things, it has handouts. And it's a guide to all the sort of references. And again, you have these things, like capacity, discipline, and union economics, cost structure, fuel, and operating leverage, network modes, and leases as debt, like subtype routing and valuation. And there's all this stuff where it tells you right? And so you know there's all these things like earning cycle like but then you also have things like like that or sort of like yeah idea of framing let me just see if I can just find some yeah quality of earnings and it sort of shows you yeah handoffs you see here like there's this thing like okay burdens came out are these actually high quality earnings and it shows you that but I also sort of like walked it through like for example like with spinoff like you can see spinoff underwriting. I've looked at a lot of spins you know so I kind of know this game where it's basically like a spinoff is not one stock it's two businesses a four-selling flow and management incentive reset arriving at the same moment and it's like read which way the people who control and you know, oh, if they solve their labor dispute, oh, and it's like the stock has been a 13 bagger since then. And it's like, what can we generalize from this, right? And like, I gave a couple other examples where I sort of walked it through what my takeaways were as like the lessons. And then it's able to reason from analogy there. And you can see that like, I did the sort of same thing for like liquidations. And then I said, okay, once I had a liquidation play and it's been off thing, I said, okay, that I have this amazing library of skills that you can just use as is vanilla and it works incredibly well, like really does. But what you can do on top of that then is I can create as a sort of, and this is my IP. And so when you hire me, you get access to these skills and the tool. And in fact, you know, as long as you can go through that initial, and by the way, some You have to have an ongoing engagement with me where but but in a sort of a more maintenance mode where let's say it goes down to like 10,000 a month, but then You gotta make the price go up I can always do that on the first renewal and as I don't know I think this is I Well, let me just finish this one last part and how you think about stuff and I can turn those into skills that live on a higher level of abstraction. And on top of that, you tell me how you guys want to integrate with data. Like if you use Slack, we can integrate with Slack. If you use Dropbox, fine. If you Google Drive, however it is, we can pull your data and if you snowflake, we can integrate with that. and then you're going straight to them. And so there's a lot of this kind of like, you have sovereignty, you have control. And then, in the future, if you want to, let's say, the first three months are like that I'm working with you, I'm giving you a few hours a week, let's say of, the things I've automated so much of this stuff. Like, if you give me a pile of write-ups, I know how to turn that into skills in a fully automated way. The reason why the next 12 months is sell to a bunch of page funds, the desktop version, take their memos, upgrade their memos and turn them into skills so they've got their own skills sitting on a bunch of machines within there. Right, but put on top of my library. I mean, if they weren't, I thought I'd talk about everything. to divest the business against their job. And so that is the system of record as the rising to us. - Well, you know, I agree with that, but I think some don't want that. I wanna meet people where they are and where they wanna be. Like some people just wanna use this as an interactive augmentation to their existing process. They wanna be able to give it a write up and say, look, tell me what you think of the write up and check verify everything. And it was a very active and amazing thing where they didn't go through central procurement to start, they let people spend a hundred bucks a month and get a team on the slide. And it went on credit card expenses. And there when there were enough, they went and sent the sales team in to go speak about financial rights. And I bet you could do something like that at the bottom level. You've got this enterprise level that you're selling right now. that passed IT, corporate IT, and compliance, because it's all living on their machine. Versus if I tried to do this as a hosted thing, because look, if I went out and got venture funding, they would say, "Minerino, you have to run this on your server," and they never actually get access to the skills, you know, at least my skill library, and you do everything in the cloud. But that's a much harder battle to wage for compliance. I told you I was deep into this long javer anything. Or one of the things about anything to do with healthcare It's not giving all the pretty simple laws and all this privacy and people so we could go down that way But beyond the and I think that the VCs don't understand the thing of many else in the ad and that you can develop your own custom skills on top of it. Like, this is what I've been telling David is that we do this. What we can do is like, okay, I know the hedge one, but he knows energy private equity and especially alternative energy private equity. So then we can just create another tool like alternative AEDT, that alternative energy data tool where instead of connecting to Edgar, maybe it's connecting to other databases that have stuff about like solar, and he wants to talk to me about how, you know, maybe we can partner up and I'm like, "Okay, we could do like a law firm data tool "where it's like, again, it's like that you have this tool, "the CLI tool that it integrates with, you know, "justia and these different like, you know, "pacer, you know, the harder thing is to try to integrate it "with, you know, Westlaw and Lexus, "because they have like terms of service limitations on that, what you said you wanted. So I'm just like, I've just been trying to be, you know, getting the most transformed. But don't ask them as well. So I hear office and I hear, hey, this could be, you bring in, you, these are the range of options I say. You create a company, you are the, seeing all the oblai'al, you know, then publishing stuff. There's a different model as well, which is running through my mind, which is, and then the third obvious one is, stop this selling your own knowledge to other people. Go start your own hedge fund. - Right, yeah. - And then the fourth one is, what if we created a new venture fund? guys relationship guys. We've also got lots and lots of quotas out there who actually need to work out what the future world and development is for them. So actually you can imagine spinning up 10 20 50 different companies going off to a bunch of verticals who are feeding off this like those are four ideas and there could be many more, let's stick to those four for a second. Oh, what, the way you go depends on you, nothing, it's like, it's all, you know, what is gonna make, and the hardest thing I've ever discovered in my life, it's the hardest thing is to work out what will make me happy in it. Yeah, 'cause sometimes I get what I want in here, but I'm like, oh shit, I didn't want that at all. 200 edge funds. I think that's a great this look at alpha sets just did a huge raise at a multi billion dollar valuation and you know I know more about hedge fund investing than them and more about AI and agents than them. Why can't I do that? But look I think you know once so I've been thinking of with David doing this sort of flywheel consulting business. Now one thing I will push back on is He works at a quant, had fun in New York. He's almost like my unpaid intern, and we talk a lot, and he uses all, he's building all these internal tools at his fund using all my stuff. He's using Frank and SGLI, an A Super Saiyan, and all these different projects, Frank and Toei, and he told me, whenever you want, I will go work with you, and you're the only person who I would do that with. So I basically could get DACA, still library and the HFTT tool, you can reason by analogy and what you really need is not just the relationships with people in the industry, it's the understanding of the workflows, but what these knowledge workers are doing that's adding value. Like for example, to take a random thing like mining, right? And when they ask for help from McKinsey, the kind of help and analytical support they get, that's very valuable. And so I think what you do is, yes, you identify the superstar guy who both has a relationship so he can sell it and has that deep understanding of the workflows. And then they work with me directly on making this skill where they give me any scrap whatever. And maybe I hand off the development of NNDT to this 24 year old, but he has a very clear model for what they should look like, what libraries it should use, what the interfaces should look like. And one thing I was struggling with is how do you kind of share the games? Because let's say you bring one of these guys in and they look good on paper, but then they can't close deals. And you don't want to necessarily give them too much I think you're so what's happening? I look, you jumped into the mining. It's great, great example. But all the examples you just gave were my financial processes in the CFOs suite. The mining world, I actually had a client when I was at McKinsey. And we charged 100 million dollars. coming from in the world of mining and in other verticals. Sometimes it's a tool that needs to part of documents and gather data and labour report. In other cases it will be optimization of raving depending on the changing terrain that you're working on. Sometimes it will be optimization of where the plastic paste, the blasting caps for the blow up the mining field so you and as part of this larger workflow. And so I think actually most of the stuff does carry over to these other disciplines. And I was never deep in metals of mine, but I was very deep. I was always a generalist as a hedge fund person. And I had these deep pockets of like, I got very deep into chemicals, commodity and specialty chemicals. - Wow, yeah. - Very deep in proteins. Like, - Right? - Oh, right. - Yes, I mean, I've got, you know, data so I could track just the price of the tenders versus the like orders. It's just crazy stuff. And so I got a fifth model which is to govern into a company. So I've got a friend who's been at his protein starter. They optimize how to cut chickens and cut cows. How goes an investor is gone. I forget which other chicken guys is a customer. He's working with them all. And yet, if he walked in today with a real AI solution, boom, he would be able to do that. Well, it's funny to bring this up, because I've had this idea literally for six years, which is that you, as a startup, you get a small warehouse somewhere, and hire someone who has worked at these processing and just turning that in, and then all of a sudden, you can replace that with a robot, with a six axis or seven axis robot arm, and it does that because there are these big problems these plants have with, like it's very hard to build a meatpacking plant because you need all these like low skill, low wage workers, and then they come in and they put massive pressure on the school system and it's like, no one wants it in their community. And so if you could have something that's just filled It's astounding what you've been doing. Thank you. I want to help, I'm being useful in some way. I don't know what that means, I don't. But I think what you've done is so stuff. I know a good idea when I see it. I don't know what to say. But I see a good idea. I'm fucking knowing. And this is one of those things where I was like, of course this is the right way to do it. Right. Yeah. Well, so what I mean, what I could see like then, except more than that, because you're not just getting 7% of each of these startups, you're getting 49% or whatever it is. And you're not just giving them capital, because in fact, you don't really need a lot of capital. That's the other thing, like you need almost no capital here. This is all about knowledge capital, how to go about building these skills and building this tooling. And then we have the sort of the centralized service where it's like all this kind of shared infrastructure, which is mostly like me and let's say two or three of these very highly talented people. - I think you're under arrest, I think you'll need, but I will be a thousand. It'll be, yeah, I'm 28th of that, but I just think-- - Well, I think we get pretty far, just honest, I think we get really far just me because I've seen how many projects I have. just a hundred extra program. It's you've got you're bubbling over with ideas and knowledge. And that whole is the programming plus that knowledge and energy. - You're knowledge engineering is skill engineering. And like, yeah, I mean, I think what I can, I could sit down with someone who is like an expert in a vertical domain. And if they're like dedicated to doing this and willing to sort of do the full data dump and say, okay, how could we have revised this skills without being excessively specific so that the next time around it would just arrive at the right answer or what I think is right answer through kind of this generic abstract approach. And you just keep doing that. And then yeah, it's very easy to demo this. And I think this just sells, people see this and they say, I like this because, A, I don't have vendor lock in, right? the model with the harness. So give up on that instead focus on skills and tooling and how to make stuff agent or denominators possible and then and then ride this surface wave of every day that are improving the harness in every couple months they're putting out a better model and all the stuff just works better. You know like and look I mean the thing is like you really don't need a of ramp and get your initial customers. And then after that, okay, then we have to kind of reevaluate the economy, especially if they're gonna require more capital and then maybe they're, but if they can hit the ground running and within a month or two, get something that they can go out and get clients, then they get to keep like this big chunk of the business and then go out and grow it. And but they don't need to be this AI expert. They get to sort of piggyback on that expertise the chat box, they've got the relationships. The AP is the CDO. The CDO only needs 20%. And what that allows is, I made this more, maybe I'm being too creepy for us. But I think we're in a world where they don't need the same head counts. They don't need the same employee pool. And so I've been telling my friends with startups what you need to do is figure out who can operate one or a half, one or two, and an AP makes high-pump. Yeah, that's what I say 500. Yeah, exactly. And that's why the AP is the right level, but they're hungry, but they don't want to keep going up that ladder. Right. Because most of them statistically won't make it. And the leader, in the past, they've been going to private equity as the offer ampered that they can. I feel like--
