production. I'm the math major in college. So anyway, so I had a great time with main friends and PCs and we've hit somebody like that. I'm going to Silicon Valley and I sold a browser in 90, late May 3 and I was like, everyone's going to be on the internet now. So I have to get to Silicon Valley. I changed careers again when I sold because it's all the company I was like, let me be useful. I'll go do something with climate tech because you know, you do those things. I don't know. I don't. I'd like great time for things to build a billion dollar consulting business all around climate tech. And then I saw chat you can see and I was like, "duh, of course, we're going to rebuild everything Not your genome which is probability not the images and the blood cells especially But the end point was what's happening now So I love that and then I think This is not this is not enough. I want to do more. What else am I gonna do? Well, sure anyway, that's my so hello since 2008. But around 2010 or 11 I saw this video that changed my life. It was like Jeff Hinton doing a Google Tech Talk about restricted Boltman machines and the MNIST data set and show it. Because I always been interested in neural nets. I spent a whole summer during the flight I think after my sophomore year reading this massive book called the MIT with them but like you know you couldn't train a deep net and I was always thinking like yeah deeper to be better but you couldn't train them and then I saw this video and it was like reading layer-wise training the restricted Boltman machines and I was like this is it this is this is I need to figure out how to apply this to the stock market and you know in my day job I'm like sitting there reading transcripts and like 10Ks and stuff but then I increasingly became obsessed and you know I had to teach myself how to program and back myself in this in a very deep level. And I was trying so that, you know, in 2020 rolled around, I actually was just telling my mom about how I found this old Facebook post I made and like, May of 2020. And this was like two years before JITPT. And then just what happened was that the GPT-3 came out, and you couldn't even use it though, like unless you had, like you had to sort of get access through this like role play, was basically convinced that deep neural nets could do anything. It was just a matter of time. And so I was like, immediately like full-fledged believer and sort of since then, you know, the things really kind of accelerated for me because I actually also kind of had a detour into crypto. And as part of that, I was, you know, writing, I became essentially full-time video that like crashed the stock $600 billion in one day. I didn't know you were. That's amazing. Well, well. And so, you know, I just sort of, by the way, your thesis is still correct. Well, just the timing was the timing. Well, I mean, the timing didn't work because the stock fell like 40 something percent from the moment I put my, you know, and it's not like these calls are like good and definitely. of the $200 a month accounts, and I'm spending 12 and a half thousand dollars a month on AI. And if I were to be paying the API, rat-grade companies have to pay it, they'd be like $200,000 a month. And now I'm-- >> Yeah, because I have a question, yeah. So I'm also, I'm also, I'm amazing. But I'm also a great believer that sometimes, kind of development work and the kind of development I'm doing is like really pushing the you know absolute limits of what the models can do and so I those last IQ points are worth a lot to me and so to me it's a no brainer to only ever you I only use focus four seven and and G55.5 only ever use extra high reasoning effort I actually do use Gemini just for code review hardware so that the data never actually has to go over the trans and like that makes sense to me. And like you were saying like for sort of limited use it but like yeah for stuff where I'm writing this crazy code then yeah so anyway like that's basically turbocharged. So you know I already was on a kind of exponential path in terms of like my own productivity
