[MUSIC PLAYING] (wind howling) (wind howling) (wind howling) (wind howling) (wind howling) (wind howling) [wind blowing] Hi, how are you? - You were a conversation and I don't know what he told you. So maybe I'll just introduce myself. - Sure, yeah. But I, I'm a day when I'm a kid. - Mm-hmm. - I am not a kid's a guy. - Okay. - I joined McKinsey seven years ago after I sold my last company. And I didn't know what to do next. I'm the math major at the college. I'm the same parents. Yeah. So anyway, so I had a great time with the main friends of PCs and the kids who went like that. I grew to Silicon Valley. And I sold a browser in '90, late '93. And I was like, everyone's going to be on the internet now. So I have to get to Silicon Valley. I changed careers again when I sold the mobile like let me be useful, I'll go do something with climate tech because you know, you do those things, but you say, you know, I don't know. At a great time, it's built a billion dollar consulting business all around climate tech and then I saw chat you can see about us like, duh, of course, we're going to rebuild everything with intelligence on demand within. is the blood test. That's fascinating. But at the end, going forward, what's happening now? So I love that. And then I think this is not working. This is not enough. I want to do more. What else am I going to do? I'm talking to everyone. I don't know about it. What else should I do? Anyway, that's my-- so hello, I'm sorry. That's probably too much. No, no, no, I'm sorry. That was pretty abbreviated. Yeah, I mean, like I said, I studied math. 10 or 11, I saw this video that changed my life. It was like Jeff think then doing a Google tech talk about restricted Boltzmann machines and the MNIST data set and showing it. And 'cause I always been interested in neural nets, like I spent a whole summer during the like, I think after my sophomore year reading this massive book called the MIT Handbook of Brain Theory and neural nets. And I was always thinking like, yeah, deeper, be better, but you couldn't train them. And then I saw this video and it was like, greedy, layer wise, training, the restricted Boltman machines. And I was like, this is it. This is, this is, I need to figure out how to apply this to the stock market. And you know, in my day job, I'm like sitting there reading transcripts and like 10Ks and stuff. But then I increasingly became obsessed. And you know, I had to teach myself how to program. myself in this in a very deep level. And I was trying so that, you know, in 2020 rolled around, I actually was just telling my mom about how I found this old Facebook post I made and like May of 2020. And this was like two years before J.T.T.D. And they just, what happened was that the G.P.D. 3 came out and you couldn't even use it though, like unless you had like you had to sort of Yeah, I was sort of ready to believe. Like, I already was basically convinced that deep neural nets could do anything. And it was just a matter of time. And so I was like, immediately like full-fledged believer and sort of since then, you know, the things really kind of accelerated for me because I actually also kind of had a detour into crypto. And as part of that, I became essentially full-time video that like crashed the stock $600 billion in one day. I didn't know you were. That's amazing. Well, well. And so, you know, I just sort of, by the way, your thesis is still correct. Well, just the timing was the timing. Well, I mean, the timing didn't work because the stock fell like 40 something percent from the moment I put my, you know, and it's not like these calls are like good and definitely. the $200 a month accounts and I'm spending 12 and a half thousand dollars a month on AI. And if I were to be paying the API, the companies have to pay it, they'd be like $200,000 a month. And now I'm a-- >> I'm a questioner. So I'm also-- I'm also-- I'm not asking-- but I'm also a great believer of the used for my own kind of development work and the kind of development I'm doing is like really pushing the absolute limits of what the models can do. And so those last IQ points are worth a lot to me and so to me it's a no brainer to only use Focus 4.7 and G55.5 only ever use ex-profit reasoning effort. I actually do use Gemini just for code review but those would be only models I use. and has to go over the trance and like that makes sense to me. And like you were saying, like for sort of limited use it, but like yeah, for stuff where I'm writing this crazy code. Yeah, so anyway, like that basically turbocharged. So I already was on a kind of exponential path in terms of like my own productivity. And then around, the problem that I was facing was MCP agent now. And now it's like very popular. It has like 2000 plus stars on GitHub. And it's basically-- because I found myself in the middle often saying, hey, well, the front end agent is saying this and pasting it to the back end agent. And I'm like, why do I need to be in the middle as a liaison between this? This is crazy. They should just send each other messages. And so I sort of used an email as an analogy and just created it. It's all local and using the markdown files of people think that the way to have multiple agents working on the same project is you've got to use these things called get work trees. And that only seemed crazy to me. So I said, what about something that's like, I call it advisory file reservations, where the agents just say, hey, I'm going to be working on this file for now. So don't touch it. But if you really need to, you can ask me. And if I just vanish or die or forget to keep going, like they'll eventually expire, How do you get more out of these agents that get, and all of the, as soon as that hit, that was like, went viral like multiple times, and then, but, but in my own GitHub contributions, they skyrocketed. Because now's all of a sudden, I could usually get 10, 15 agents and they could be like, you know, 8 codex, 8 cloud code, all working at the same time on one project on one machine, that's a big difference, right? can't be vendor the bottleneck. You can't have 16 of them. And so I wanted them to sort of have the freedom to try to, you know, to just do stuff without permission. But then I created a thing called destructive command guard, which is like a mechanical, it's called a pre-tooling use hook that checks that, you know, the commands are trying to do against the whole sort of like database of patterns that I know are destructive or dangerous. And it blocks them from doing that you know, these agents are, I used to be a Python guy and then a type on a type script and then I realized like, hey, Rust is a hard language for people but it's not hard for the agents and then you get memory safety and performance and portability, it's just way better. The problem is the Rust compiler is like extremely compute intensive and if you have like 10 agents on the same and build workers that I can sort of move the building onto them to keep the machines performing for the agent. And it's just one after another, I kind of saw this. And I sort of call the, oh yeah, and the other thing is, I don't know if you heard of this guy Steve Yaggy, but he created this thing called beads. Beez is a very important sort of discovery, if you will. It's essentially this like Jira or Linner, but where it's made for agents, right? scanner, UBS. And there are these tools for programmers called Linters that try to do static analysis of the code to flag problems. And the thing about Linters is that for people to be willing to use them, they have to have very low false positives, right? And they people also wanted to be able to mechanically fix the problems that it finds. But I realize that this no longer applies in the agent world. flywheel where you have the agents use the tool. And then I even created a thing that's sort of like a feedback form, like a net promoter score for the agents, where it's like how was it today when you use the UBS tool? Like what would you recommend it to your fellow agents? Like why or why not? And then taking all that feedback and then putting it back in to make the improvements. And then also it's like, I never, I never blame the customer, right? rant in like 2011 about Google that went very viral so he's like a well-known guy and so I started using this and It's funny because You know what he he vibe coded it in going and it just and But oh my I have a policy. I don't take any contributions from any one like you can submit a PR on GitHub and I'll have my agents like review it my self. And so I came up with my own, you know, completely different. Like I see the things I always go back to first principles. Like so I'm sure there's like a normal way for people to pork stuff but that's not the way I did it. And I came up with like a kind of clean room re-implementation approach to courting things into rust. And I was able to in a few days I ported the whole viewer, because I wanted to be able to see the tasks and subtasks and what's happening in my project. And so I made a nice terminal user interface for beads. And I always added what I call the robot mode to my tools so that they could be called from this command line and where it's optimized for an agent. And the funny thing is that I barely used the UI now for the best known graph theorists and history. And so I had a chance I get to apply graph theory to stuff. I got excited. And so I started basically doing all this elaborate graph theory on the dependency structure. And it turned out to be incredibly useful, because what it lets you do is it lets you optimize the structure of tasks so that you could maximize throughput and concurrency and deep bottlenecks stuff. Because it's all about how many agents David was able to do all of this, where you know had a rent of VPS in the cloud and then just with a one you know one line or curl bash installer it installs as whole suite of tools and configures it all and it's all like completely cross like it's provider agnostic model like NOS that did it's all designed to work you know really well with codex like you could search instantly. And then that's part of my five-wheel collection of tooling. And so anyway, I did all that. And the question is how exactly do you monetize that? Because I felt like I wanted this to be building public open something like $8,000 of MRR, but with each person paying $20 a month, it's a fair number of users. And it's been interesting to build that sort of business out because the whole thing is automated. Like there's this whole elaborate like, you know, user support ticketing system that I created and the agents handle that. Like every day I get, you know, few tickets and the agents sort of just respond to everything People are like, "Whoa, every day I get something like four emails thanking me for fixing something or adding a feature." And I'm like, "I don't even know what you're thanking me for. I didn't even read your issue." But my agents triaged it and did it for you and responded as me. And so I'm glad you're happy. But you know, so anyway, I did all this stuff and then it's, you know, people were like, "Well, what have you actually made with all this stuff other than just more agent-to-one?" start creating a couple sort of green field projects, the one I'm most proud of is the A Super St, where one of my big insights is that going back to math is that people do not appreciate A, how smart these frontier models are, and B, how absolutely expert they are about all areas and sure and applied math. And so I basically realized that there is this whole academic field called structured concurrency It's very hard to do if you're just doing it naively and that's how you end up with all these zombie processes and even very popular software like bun it is if this is problems horrible and endemic in these things and whereas this structure concurrency researchers figured out how to basically turn it into a kind of an algebra where you get like mathematical proofs of What's called? like bubble tea and all these different libraries into rust. And I ported a TypeScript library called Hope and Chew Me into Rust. And then I said, "Okay, I want to create the unholy alliance of all of these things. I want to create a new project that combines all the sort of best ideas and abstractions from all these things. And I call that Franken-Truly, but a Chumberly user interface." And that was sort of the start of my kind of Franken-sleep, if you will. basically have now we fly like basically every big important open source project you can imagine I'm making a frank and versional okay and so you mentioned databases my favorite databases is SQLI but the problem with SQLI is that you can only have one writer at a time and so if you have a bunch of concurrent you know agents trying to write to something you Escalite was designed 25 years ago when people have one core, but now I have 128 cores. Like how can we redesign it to use all these cores? And then the other thing is if you ever have dealt with these right-ahead logs in Escalite, they can get corrupted. If you run out of space suddenly, or there's an hour out of it, or whatever, love but I've created this thing that is a complete drop in replacement for SQLite that has full concurrent writers and that if you can go in there and literally flip bits in the wall files and it will just automatically fix them detect the problem and fix them so it's like super robust and it's faster than a frankenetripe text to complete drop in replacement, but it's something like 50 times faster because it's all written in this hyperoptimized rust. So anyway, this is all, so I'm kind of catching up to my programming. So I'm starting to get a kind of a cult following on acts and other places as someone like I know how to get the most out of these agents at scale, not just writing a lot of code, think it's like measure twice cut once, but like writ large, where if you, you know, you can have an extremely ambitious and comprehensive plan as a markdown file that's only 5,000 lines long, okay? But if you were to actually crystallize that into code, now all of a sudden you're talking about something that's absolutely massive. And so if you can, the longer you can stay in plan space, everything can stay in the that was available, essentially review and integrate all this stuff in a plant. And then just do an iteration after iteration where it's like starting with fresh contact saying, I have this plan, I hope we make it more performant, more robust, more reliable, more like a creative, whatever it is. And just a lot of people are in such a rush to get started. And I found that I will sometimes do 10, 15 rounds you're just now into a bead space. And bead space, it blows things up because each bead has to be completely self-contained. And it makes you, it's a lot of stuff that was sort of implicit in the original plan. But it also helps you figure out this dependency structure of CAS. And actually a lot of problems that you would miss the moth, even that those keep telling the models, set of beads, which are just like JSONL basically just this kind of structured thing. And then the beauty of that is that basically when you're done with that, I'd say you're sort of 90% of the way home and after that it's sort of machine-tending. Then I have a tool I may have an NTN named Tmux Manager, which essentially lets you orchestrate these forms and I have skills for how to use this stuff. And so it'll basically allow spin up a swarm of like 5 codecs and 5 plot code and they switch into review rounds where you're just looking for bugs and problems and fixing them. And then I have these various other skills that help figure out finalize and land the plane. And this is like this process that I figured out that really lets you do. And it's like what every big company is trying to figure out how to do. Is how can they leverage these agents at scale so that they can do high quality, ambitious It needs to get broken down into these pieces. You do this. You do that. You may recommend that you're going to get it done in a week. Come back and tell me every day how you're getting on. I'll check with you. I'll do any unblocking that's necessary. You know what you guys have done is this bullshit of my coding where it's just by definition. You can't trust it because the context windows so big they get confused. Well they make this the big problem with beads is that all they're going to be analogy is like a shore border cook at a diner. They just take the ticket down and they say, "Oh, I got to make a corn beef sandwich." They know how to do that. That's all they have to worry about is how to make a good, they don't have to worry that the table over there is waiting for their water or how to bake a cake. They could just focus on what they need to worry about. And so you don't need to, you don't run into problems with context overload, which is where all the problems come from. No, it's SQO Lite. It's literally to drop in replacement for SQLite. Like, it binary compatible. Like, if you have an SQLite file, you can just switch to Frank and SQLite and everything just works. It has supports every feature that's in SQLite, not just SQL, but all the full-text search. It has the whole JIP engine for like the query planner. Everything is exactly, and everything is done with what are called like performance harnesses and golden artifacts, Tell me more about that. I just think, you know, if people like it, you know, things like Mongo because it lets you just sort of move faster as a developer, which is the same reason people like, you know, Python and stuff. And we're in a world where you don't need to do that anymore because the agents are perfectly capable of doing stuff using the relational model that has all these huge benefits in terms of like optimization and indexing. have a 200 terabyte SQLite database. The problem is this issue with the atomic writer. So I solved that problem now. So yeah. I mean, look, Jeff, guys, let's play back to you. Let's just make sure. So your view is the beauty of no SQL was a preagent. Yes. It allowed like they just understand there's so much training data for how to do things the right way with databases and I just think it just you can't like it's just a better way to go you can optimize things much better. So Jeff, a couple things I missed out. I was one of the first people, I think like second in the UK to deploy the IRA, IRA database, the first 10, 15 people to use MongoDB. Because I was so annoyed and sick of the conversations with engineering and TMs, where it's like, "Door out, that wasn't in the schema. We got to read through the data model." And I was just like, "Oh, fuck, save, not that again." And then there's no sequel came along. I was like, "Manga!" (laughs) "Hey, and it's it's that's worth billions of dollars." extremely open mind, which they normally don't. And it's like people like me who are sort of the crossover guys. I mean, I come from the hedge fund business where if you don't have intellectual humility and revise or priors, like you're at a payout on your ass very quickly, especially because I was working on Bellini on them. Bellini asked me so they, you know, you can't have drama. It's like it's-- [INAUDIBLE] So I'm just-- I'm loving this. So hold on. people who have tools, but it's still. So that's it. And then David was talking about, you've got a business with hedge funds. Right. Yeah. Well, I mean, it started in broadened out. So for example, tomorrow at 1 p.m. I'm doing a one hour Zoom call where I'm going to talk to a whole company's-- it's actually the crypto company for Sam Altman's World I don't know if you saw today, RAMP announced that they did a new funding round of 44 billion valuation and like one of their top people like tried to recruit me and I was like yeah I'm not trying to be a W2 employee anymore. I mean like I was like I can consult you and I was like look I'm on track to make like you know a lot of money this year like any piece. That's not a problem like you know We can and I'm sure I'd actually now that I think about it to how to do this stuff because I'm just solving the problems as I come across them using first principles. And so, um, look, I mean, to pay the bills, yes, I, I mean, my dream is to get aqua hired by Sam Waldman and what I've been joking we referred to as Peter Bucks in reference to Peter Steinberger, the open-fought eye, because I want, like, that's to be hard-pressed to find somebody using more tokens than me. And so that's a hard-of-life to the dream, but I'm still sort of weighted. And look, I mean, probably most of the Codex team and most of the claw protein follows me on X and they have systematically been picking off my innovations and folding them into their harnesses. Although they always do it in a kind of like walled garden There's this Kodak says as like Ford versus GM like you have to choose one and then you're on team forward And I'm like no the best results are using both of them together to check each other's work Because they see past each other's blind spots because they're trained differently on different training data Using different methods. They're both really good But they're good in different ways and entirely complimentary and get the best results by combining But because anything about this mold Opus 4.7 is the model and cloud code is the harness. But increasingly, they're kind of being developed jointly, because the difference now is that they have so much usage data from all these sessions that they're doing reinforcement learning on the model. Because they know when the harness does the right thing, just from looking at when the users are cursing at them, They keep calling it a model. It's just an interesting, lame and rich to call it the model, but it's not a model. Yeah, I think it's just, I think people are not sophisticated enough yet to really even under appreciate what the difference is. And so that's probably just a comms where, like, I think in their communications with the programmers there's 100 non-programmers, but they're interested in using this stuff. And so I think that's what they're really focused on as this kind of crossover. Because it's like, even trying to get people to figure out how to install and use cloud code and terminal, it's just sort of a bridge too far from those people. The money's not going to be. The way I've been thinking about this, on the way, The inference device was a PC, it was a phone, it was a server in the cloud and now it's an S, the device we use. And the thing that we've gotten right now that is just emerged are the first horizontal platforms. Those are horizontal applications. Claude code is a horizontal application that sits on top of a model, the operating system stars in each vertical, like for example, anthropic has hired a lot of accountants and a lot of finance people and they're very much focused on that as a vertical and I'm sure you've seen that both anthropic and opening I have announced these big deals with consortium of private equity and it sounds like they're trying to do an end run over. Instead of what's seeding that to is a fantastic guy, really fucking smart, no surprise. Here is not an application guy. Here's a data cleansing data management guy. It's all those like, they're trying to recreate sapient, all those consulting, all those web consulting firms from the late '90s, where they're one trick ponies. They come in, they claim to the day, they get it ready, and then they will configure an app on top of that. to internal or consultants to be paid for upgrades and for maintenance and the willy maintenance as chairman and rocket completes keeps pushing out new tools that are agenda relief all around right so it doesn't work as a long term scalable solution for every corporation to construct their own custom - Right, so I can tell you what I have arrived on through sort of trial and error and a lot of iteration. What I think is a solution specifically for head, but I'm a hedge fund guy. I've done that, you know, I don't know if you're familiar with the Value Investors Club website, have you ever heard of that? It's just like it's a site, Joel Greenlet, created this thing in the 90s, and it's like all the hedge fund guys are on there. It's like it's very hard to get it. back to back and they both worked out very well. And so, you know, when I talk to funds, I tell them like, if you draw the Venn diagram of people who are sort of provably, and I've also worked at Millennium twice, and they would not hire me the second time if I sucked the first time, right? And the Venn diagram of people who have won the VIC Prize twice and who are also like kind of expert knowledge work because it's like you're it's so difficult it's you're getting great at every day it's like there's so much information there's like the filings there's the transcripts there's the like all the alternative data and and it's like the people who are really good and can do the hedge fund work those people would also make excellent lawyers they'd also be able to do probably you know private equity or consulting like it's a very broad kind of come back to this book, so I told you about the consulting and then the reason I do not believe and it never happened before and it won't happen this time. I don't believe the big AI labs are going to create all the vertical software is because people are not idiots. And what I mean is we are already automated many, many, many tasks in every industry. not close to IGI yet. - Well, I don't disagree with that. I'd say their frontier models, combined with the frontier harness, using my skills and me prompting it, is smarter than anybody I know, as far as I mean in many ways. Seriously, 150 IQ knows everything, thanks superhuman, like, can do essentially anything. - Yeah, but something only wants the day, that I called Smart Edgar, which was supposed to be like sort of, you know, AI for hedge funds, but product college. And what I've, it sort of has evolved a lot since then. And now what I, this is what I've made, which is like, and I paid most of this in the last one month, which is crazy. Just so as you all put, that you can work now, is that it's a combination of two things. And if you can provide it with API keys to all these different data sources, like I have a thing, massive that I use for market data, another thing, another API. I found these very good value price APIs for 70 bucks a month or 100 bucks a month. One gets you all the transcripts from all. Another one gets you fundamental data for every stock going back 30 years. It essentially replicated all the bara style factor stuff from first principles. So let's you do the factor decompositions and done all this stuff with ingesting every 13F and saying, "Holder IQ, alpha-adjusted older IQ," and all this kind of stuff. So this is proprietary data stream. But essentially it provides this unified interface for pulling data in and not just pulling it in, but processing it out all the nonsense, you don't need a table of contents, you don't need to have a header and a footer on every single page. And then, you know, every 10k has this huge laundry list of risk factors, most of which are just pure boilerplate. Like, you don't need to, you know, for company makes like, you know, lab equipment for animal testing and it's a good need to know about their climate change risk factor. And so, it sort of filters all that stuff everything. And so any kind of tabular data that you want to pull in, it also gives you the ability, like for example, with Google Trends data, I like to take the five year weekly data, which is dimensionless, and I do a 90 day trailing average, and then compute a year over year percentage change in that, and then do a Z score on that, and then I also like to look at the second derivative of that, and all that stuff can just be sort of done seamlessly in, you know, my, intent, or like when Chipotle introduced KSO, you might know about that from reading the transcripts and say, let me look for Chipotle KSO to see how that products do. And so some of this stuff actually requires the agent to be smart and kind of creative, to come up with the what to query for. But then the idea of the tool, HFTT, is that anything that can be mechanized should be mechanized. applications are actually skills. And they solve all the problems because first of all, what people think of as a skill is like very limited. Skills can be much, much, much more than what people think of skill is just a markdown file. It's so like if you looked at some of my skills, you should look at some of my posts on X because I, every time I come out with like a new skill, I post about it. Some of my skills comprise like 200 separate efficient in terms of token usage so they really use progressive disclosure. They only show you what you need to know to decide is this relevant. And then as you go deeper, just the stuff that you need to see, because otherwise they'll quickly overwhelm their contact spendings. And they'll have to come to hand. >> I love this. So I agree with you. But here's the two different points. I want to make the time to this. And then someone brings in new data or you dream up and you way to get data. And we just we keep escalating and isolating. And so when you develop a new tool that can be used by anybody in hedge funds, the way that over time it will get really embedded is when people can integrate it with their own. Well, yes. Let me explain that. I agree. 100%. those from this intro to project. Yes, I call it the fly reel. Yeah, the synergistic fly reel, mining your agent sessions to go back. It's like the serpent eating its own tail, where you go back, you mine from that, you use that to enhance your skills, but then also enhance the CLI tool. Okay, so let me just finish, because I'll be pretty fit. So you have the tool, HFT. Then you have a skill just for how to use as part of this broader workflow, which is sort of what I was describing as my flywheel approach in the implementation phase. And that sort of has informed what I've done here. So I have an HFTT skill that explains how to use HFTT. But then this is the real sort of value that is I have created this massive library of it in a very deep way in the skills. And then the H.S.D. tool is closed source and it's only available to my consultant clients. I mean, I literally just created this. So I only have like one fund on the books that's gave me 20 grand a month. And then I basically, yes, it's crazy because these people found me from my skillsite, the guy who is my tax skill almost like we should reach out to give some feedback into how to make it better. And so it empowers them as practitioners of their field, but not necessarily technologists. And it also avoids this sort of lock-in, because guess what? Skills are industry standard. You can use the same skills with cloud code, and with Gemini, and with codex, and the completely crossed platform, no vendor lock-in. And the thing is, when the new model comes out, half hour call and by the end they send over the agreement and that's you know 30,000 a month and I'm like and so I realized like oh my god I I'm now two for two on the first sales but like this is obviously so I posted about this last night on Twitter about what I've made and if you run an institutional sized launch or equity fund being touched and I already heard this morning from a guy who works at seven billion dollar fund in Sweden it's organize like a rust project and sort of these modular units. You can just see like, this is just through like the letter D. Like these are all the different sort of things here. You can just see this is all the sort of stuff that it integrates with and stuff that can do. It's transcript sentiment like and just take any of these things and it's like, you know, just this one thing, you know, that's 3000 lines of rust. So this whole thing is already like well over million lines of rust. universal book because it applies to any company. It doesn't matter. It's a software company or machinery and you can see like they have a sort of the description. It says what later it's on what would trigger it, what it consumes, what it produces and what it would compose with next. Okay, and so the idea here it's like, you know, how do I know of management's the line? Well, let me get the proxy. It also references this thing, EE, which is another one. It's an open source project called I'dedic Engine, which is like a structured memory for one context task, for agents that has all this kind of like nice like searching and graph analysis stuff. And then it kind of walks you through like the mandatory work flow, stage one, identify the people. You must have the last three annual proxies. or stewardship diagnostic, like it has all these different fields. Okay? - So let's just protect, you know, - But I just want you to see the depth here. These are now the references within the management alignment skill. And so you can just see, like this basically contains within it, massive amounts of information about, like, for example, like, you know, there's a joke, you know, like with John Malone. He always has all these different entities and instruments, Like not just like looking like making sense of them like You know because people often do this stuff in a sloppy way and it looks like the guy sold a lot of stock But he did it we put it in an irrevocable trust for his spouse very different, you know And so it tells it how to actually go and make sense of the detailed Filings in the footnotes, you know really digging deep All this and it just keeps and this is just one skill okay in a new new economics, cost structure, fuel and operating leverage, network modes, and leases as debt, like subtype routing and evaluation. And there's all this stuff where it tells you like when to hand off to another skill. But then you have all kinds of different types of skills. So this is another L1 universal blog, asset intensity and maintenance, tap extra. And it should-- it should-- it tells you, here, let me see if I can just find like with the hand It sort of shows you, yeah, handoffs. You see here, like, there's this thing, like, okay, Earth has came out. Are these actually high quality remains? And it shows you that, like, okay, if you need to do deep gap to non-gap reconciliation, handoff to this other skill, financial statement reconciliation and quality. But if you wanna look at like, do capitalization patterns, suggest aggressive accounting, then you go over to the sort of forensic skill for that. Or like, you know, revenue grows, floor selling flow and management incentive reset arriving at the same moment. And it's like read which way the people who control disclosures are paid to bend the first price. And so I gave this sort of exemplars like, okay, I explained to it three spinoffs that I knew about. Personally, like Huntington angles, and I was explaining how they, you know, management sandbag this, when it spun off from Northrop Grumen, and how they just sort of emphasize all the bad stuff, for like liquidations and then I said okay once I had a liquidation play and spin-off thing I said okay what are the special situations are like that and then it was able to reason by analogy so now you have this special sit router that shows you all the spin-off merger are distressed debt, hold cold some of the parts and conglomerate discount you know activism campaign, handicapping like all these special sit things and it sort of guides you towards the skills and the tool. And in fact, as long as you can go through that initial-- and by the way, some of the stuff is sort of like in flux. I'm trying to figure out the right way to structure this so I can get paid. But right now, at least, the idea is that once you've done your three months, you get of sort of the intensive, let's say, $30,000 a month, you get perpetual access to the skills. Because there are just files that live on your computer, - This is fucking, I can say. - Well, let me just finish this one last part, which is that I'm gonna, what you get on top of that is I help you make it your own on a work for higher basis, creating these sort of wrapper skills, which incorporate my base skills by reference, but then they have they sort of put in your spin on things and your approach to invest in the way you like to do things. can integrate with that. And then the other thing is that as you're using the tool, it's happening on your machine. So it's not like every time you pull a 10K for a company, it doesn't ping my server. And I don't know which-- you're going straight to Edgar. And it's happening locally. You have all that privacy and confidentiality. And then you're probably already telling capital IQ what you're doing by interfacing with their website. I mean it went, okay? Like that's how I built this up. - Yeah, so do I, I think I get it. So I don't know that I can prove that I get it, but I'm glad, please do that. - I'm sure you do. - Yeah, I think. - You're good. - So, so for me, I like, here's, let me play it back to you slightly. Horizon one, the next 12 months, on this part, to me and I've never sat inside and had fun so I'm going to make it up. But to me, Horizon 2 of that version is you need to become the system of record. That is, this is the material that made us make a decision. This is the decision we made and these are the outcomes. And these are the updates we made to keep holding or to divest these as If you want to use it that way, you absolutely can. But I agree with you that the best way to make the most use of this is to have to generate these artifacts, these persistent artifacts, which you can go back and track over time and be able to measure how well it is. >> Well, the customer doesn't have to buy the whole stack. Like they buy the entry level. Look, I mean, I'm a great believer in stealing ideas from other people. Does the absolute system of radical level? But what I just make one point is that from a compliance standpoint, this is easy because what the thing is, like people are already having the battle internally to get the Codex or Club Desktop app. And then-- Yes. And so, but once they get that, these are just files that they run on their computer-- or a program that they run on their computer that connects to Edgar, connects to Faxa. Look, hold on, I don't want to speak through PCs. I think you get a different rate. Like when you describe, what I was gonna say is like Horizon One Horizon Two and Heteron Discrete. But I think what we've talked about here, what you describe, all the matter point is applicable. - Yes, yes, yes, this is what I've been telling David. - No, no, no, no, no, no, that was big, hold on. In other regular regulated industries, in exactly the same desktop way. and a credible market for a whole bunch of new vertical AI agent applications. Yes. Now, with this architecture, like the river, you have one Swiss Army Universal Tool combined with a skill library that integrates deeply with the tool where the skills are composable and modular and that you can develop your own custom skills on top of it. and all this kind of stuff that's specific to that. And then we create a skill library that's like based on his expertise in underwriting green energy deals. And then we can then, and then he knows how to sell this because he has access to his, and then I got a guy wrote to me yesterday that he was a commercial litigator for 17 years at Sullivan, Cromwell and Milbank. And he wants to like talk to me about how, you know, documents, right? And then you create this skill library and probably sub-break that down into like a commercial litigation skill library versus like intellectual property law skill library. These are the range of options I see. You create a company, you are the Steve Wozmiat of the new company, and it goes from two or three people. It turns into many. You end up dealing with many, many, many other developers, because by definition, any big company requires many people to do many things. People go start your own hedge fund. - Right, yeah. - And then the fourth one is, what if we created a new venture fund? And what would it give us something? And I don't know that this makes complete sense 'cause I'm making this up and I'm talking to you. But we know that there were domain experts in every vertical and the problem that, I mean, let me just pick up your kids that I know. 50 different companies going off to a bunch of verticals who are feeding off this core set of software and the new VC is making money from licensing the tech maybe to each of the startups and simultaneously investing in those startups to help them accelerate and therefore actually making money in both the And yeah, because sometimes I get what I want in here, I'm like, oh shit, I didn't want that at all. But what do you want? Like if you want money and fame, if you want fame, the San Bolton part is the way. If you want money, the hedge fund is the way. If you want control and-- - I'm not convinced that the me starting a hedge fund Now one thing I will push back on is I am already doing more coding than companies that have a thousand engineers, like by myself. And so I do agree that I would, I need a couple more developers, but I already know who they are. So I have like a discord that has over a thousand people in it that's called the Asian Flywheel Discord. They're all people who are like huge believers in my approach and are like using all my with. So I basically could get DACA and there's another guy in my Discord who sort of answers and you know when I'm not there and people ask questions he answers sort of on my behalf and every time he says something I'm like yep I agree with that because he's read every scrap of you know writing I've done on this and using all the tools and so just if I just brought in those two people that would be enough to I think be able to scale quite a huge amount because the or you know, metals and mining, like you have all these different things you can do, junior miners, you can buy or land that you can acquire at various stages. There's a lot of data, environmental reports, like mine reports, like all this kind of information. And it's sort of knowing how these people who are very high up at free port, They give me any scrap of writing they have that they're allowed to give me that that I can mine from and then they start using this on real data and giving me feedback to start that iterative improvement loop. And at the same time, I'm also designing and creating the tool that like metal, MMDT metal the mine data tool that's pulling in from all these different sources of, you know, geological, whatever databases. You know, like, you don't want to necessarily give them too much equity, but I think actually your structure kind of solves for that, which is that each one gets its own entity, and they kind of get half of it. And if they can't, you know, or 60, or whatever it is, like, and if they can't make a go of it, then, okay, that's just not, you know, not that valuable, but it's like, that's doesn't, we didn't have to give them the piece of the hedge fund thing, which they had nothing to do with. the charge 100 million dollars. David told me that's why I brought up mine. - Because I knew that. - And we created a billion dollars and probably it was all operations, all in the operation. And the thing is, everything you've shown there is all the same shape, right? It's like abstract health, the process, bringing it down into the different modules blasting caps to blow up the mining field so you maximize the path through the vein of whatever you'll mind. But these all just skills. There's no... Well, it's a combination of tooling and stuff. For example, stuff that's dealing with voxels of geo-technical data that you want to be doing in rust in a very high performance, like, "Oh, right?" Oh, right. Yes, I mean, I've like, I'm going to shake an hand, a Joe Sanderson, a couple. You know, I went on the protein plane trip with Stevens where I met with like, you know, the cow mains, the egg guys, and I went to Hormel's headquarters in Austin, Minnesota, and I had incredibly elaborate financial models of these chicken companies where I'm tracking the price of the wings and the leg quarters, You know, it maximizes the property, making it into sell the side of the cow to a butcher, chomping into little cubes to go into air by the other one. And it was it, but he's not growing the business. And I think he's not growing the business because his core software team is not that strong. He's got, he's been working in the protein industry, doing optimization by 20 years. who has worked at these processing plants, which isn't very hard to do, 'cause they get paid very little. And you get the cow upside down on the chain. And then what you do is they have these electric knives. And what you do is you just put a sensor on the base and on the tip so that you know it's like orientation and position and space at all times, high frequency. And you put the Rayban medical analysis on them. in their community. And so if you could have something that's just filled with robots, that's a problem and drives the cost right down. And then on top of that, yeah, there's a lot of waste because they're trying to go really quickly. And even little scraps of like, you know, cutting off a little bit of meat with the fat that adds up, big dollars, if you could eliminate that. So yeah, I think that's a great business idea. But... - Right, yeah, well, so what I mean, what I could see is you have this deep reservoir of relationships with these different vertical industry people from McKinsey and other places. And you have the credibility to raise money. And so I think that's sort of having a top level company and building this tool lane. And so like each of these kind of sub companies wouldn't even necessarily need to hire engineers. And so they require very little startup capital just sort of enough to pay people and give them benefits and stuff while they're ramping up the revenue side. And that will be the one of the great ways to read out the wants of the entrepreneurs. - Yes, yes. seen how many projects I have. - Yeah, you get hit by a bus. - I know, I know, that's what data keeps saying. - That's what it doesn't work. That's what it doesn't work. You alone, I don't know if it's making that up to two hours. You alone mean five or ten people to replace you in case you get hit by a bus. And that doesn't happen overnight. dedicated to doing this and willing to sort of do the full data dump and walk me through the workflows and stuff. That's, we can very quickly boot up a skill library and the CLI tool. And then they can start using it on kind of like real demo data, in a sense, but like our demo case study stuff where they kind of already know the answer from their kind of historical files or projects and stuff that they've worked on. A, I don't have vendor lock-in, right? Like, let's say we go our separate ways. You just have a bunch of skills that you can use with Claude Coe. You can use it with Codex. You don't need me anymore. It's very different than if we're gonna make, like I'm gonna make you a custom, and by the way, I think people are very naive, like you're gonna, like a lot of people are trying to make their own harness effectively. And I'm like, you're not gonna do a better job at this than OpenAI and then Throbic, 'cause they have billions of dollars capital to do this. So I don't even think like, you know, you don't have to go out and raise a $50 million fund to do this like at all. Like, uh, and I feel like you literally just need to capitalize enough to pay the sort of practice head, a living, you know, or a wage there happy enough to take the risk on and benefits and stuff until they can get up to scale. And then it lets you - The central kind of... - I, it's funny, just the model is probably the perfect, the perfect, I'm making this up later, but the perfect model is probably an associate partner. The AP level hasn't made it to partner yet, and it is used to doing lots of hard work. - Me. who can operate in this new world and you want to double their pay and stock and then get rid of the people who refuse or unable to adapt. And so like if the remaining people who can actually do it are worth more they should get a bigger chunk and it has to make sense for them. Because these people at McKinsey are making decent money, right? I mean I don't know what these people make in here. It's like half a million bucks. as the off ramp that they can. I feel like, yeah, this is sort of like an alternate. - I gotta go, yeah. - Yeah, yeah. - I love this almost I can. - I can't be too. - I love me that you're one of the live. - I can't. Let's walk out and do something. - That's doing, absolutely. - Oh, so re-group nicely? - Yes, sure. - Okay, all right, so thanks so much. - All right, so, take care. - ( - ( - ( [BLANK_AUDIO]
