I was a math major in college, so I'm on the same page. So, anyway, I had a great time with mainframes and PCs and we did some great work there. I moved to Silicon Valley because I saw the browser in late '93 and I was like, everyone's going to be on the internet now, so I have to get to Silicon Valley. I changed careers again when I saw the mobile, the Apple iPhone. And I've been in mobile in the 90s, so when I was prime, so when I saw the iPhone, I was like, oh, yeah, this is what we're all looking for. And I screwed around a little bit with crypto and with VR and it was just obvious they were not the next digital platforms. But they were neat technology but not the step chain. And I couldn't see what was next. So I joined McKinsey because I told the company, I was like, let me be useful. I'll go do something with Climatex because, you know, you can do those kind of things. Anyway, I had a great time with McKinsey. Built a billion dollar consulting business all around Climatex. And then I saw ChatGPT and I was like, duh, of course. We're going to rebuild everything with intelligence on demand built in. And so, so look, I'm now getting back into my first love, software, AI. I'm on the board of a Scottish company that is in the longevity health space, mass spectroscopy, proteomics. Mass specs are changing the same way as other hardware, mechanics, more powerful every 10 years. So they've got massive more danger. So we can look at what's happening in your proteins, not your genome, which is probability, not the images and the blood tests. That's fascinating. But at the end point, what's happening now. So I love that. And then I think this is not enough. This is not enough. I want to do more. What else am I going to do? And I'm talking to everyone I know about, you know, what else do I do? Anyway, that's my so hello. I'm sorry. That's probably too much. No, no, no, it's not too much. That was pretty abbreviated. Yeah, I mean, look, I like I said, I studied math. I sort of jumped around a little bit myself. I mean, my through line probably is also finding kind of interesting ways to apply math to stuff that it normally doesn't show up in or at least in the sort of way that I did it. And yeah, I mean, I actually, you know, I've been a sort of fundamental long short equity analyst since 2008. And but around 2010 or 11, I saw this, you know, video that kind of changed my life. It was like Jeff Hinton doing a Google tech talk about, you know, restricted Boltzmann machines and the MNIST data set and showing. And because I've always been interested in neural nets, like I, I spent a whole summer during like, I think after my sophomore year reading this massive, you know, book called the MIT Handbook of Brain Theory and neural nets. And I just, I was like, this is, and it's funny because, you know, my older brother is like a math genius at Harvard. And he was like, listen, the neural nets, it's like a dead end. No one does that stuff anymore. And it's funny because everyone abandoned all that stuff for like support vector machines because they're like slightly better on a couple problems. And, but I always just was like, you know, there's gotta be something to this, but you know, you know, and I would try to mess around with them, but like, you know, you couldn't train a deep net. And I was always thinking like, yeah, deeper, it'd be better, but you couldn't train them. And then I saw this video and it was like greedy layer wise training of restricted Boltzmann machines. And I was like, this is it. This is, this is, I need to figure out how to apply this to the stock market. And, you know, in my day job, I'm like sitting there reading transcripts and like 10 Ks and stuff. But then I increasingly became obsessed. And, you know, I had to teach myself how to program. And back then all this stuff was in MATLAB. That was like the only, that was the lingua franca, all these academic, and it was a tiny group of academics that were like keeping this alive. It was like, you know, the people who are all famous now, like Yamlokun and, you know, Hinton and Benji, all these people. But like, I became like obsessed with this and just, you know, ultimately, like long story short, that I wasn't able to get something that really worked. But I immersed myself in this in a very deep level. And I was trying so that, you know, when 2020 rolled around, I actually was just telling my mom about how I found this old Facebook post I made in like May of 2020. And this was like two years before ChatGPT. And they had just, what happened was the GPT-3 came out. And you couldn't even use it, though, like unless you had like, you had to sort of get access through this like role playing game thing. But I remember I posted a thing on Facebook that I was like, everybody should know about this because this is going to change everything. Because this model is able to like solve like SAT problems that it wasn't trained on and can explain, you know, like legal boilerplate to you in plain English. It can do like all these things like Excel formulas. Like I was like, this is. And so, yeah, I was sort of ready to believe. Like I already was basically convinced that deep neural nets could do anything. And it was just a matter of time. And so I was like immediately like full fledged believer. And sort of since then, you know, the things really kind of accelerated for me because I actually also kind of had a detour into crypto. And as part of that, I was, you know, writing, I became essentially full time individual contributor to my own project. And, you know, so I as soon as ChatGPT came out, I was using it to help me code. And it was like copying and pasting to the browser. And so, you know, and I just I work like insane hours. And I just sort of being there with the model nonstop. I've kind of I really internalized this, you know, and look, I mean, the other thing is like, I'm a writer, too. Like, you know, I don't know if you knew, I wrote I wrote that article about Nvidia that like crashed the stock 600 billion dollars in one day. I didn't know you wrote that. That's me. Well done. And so, you know, I just sort of. By the way, your thesis is still correct. Well, yeah, the timing, the timing was. Well, I mean, the timing did work because the stock fell like 40 something percent from the moment I put my, you know, and it's not like these calls are like good indefinitely. And I always said in the article like that I'm a huge bull and believer in this. I just think that, you know, maybe we'll hit an air pocket. And I was actually wrong about that in part because, you know, I went from having three different, you know, chat GPT subscriptions for twenty dollars a month. And three cloud code things for twenty dollars a month where everything was using the browser to fast forward to today. I have fifty four of the two hundred dollar a month accounts and I'm spending twelve and a half thousand dollars a month on AI. And that's and if I were to be paying the API rack rate that companies have to pay, it would be like two hundred thousand dollars a month. And now I'm. Yeah. So I'm also I'm also amazing. But I'm also a great believer that sometimes if you can get eighty percent of the performance at twenty percent of the cost, i.e. an open source Chinese model, then that is good enough for many, many tasks. Yeah, I would agree with that for like when you're putting something into production for use by like, you know, consumers where you sort of have a limited remit of what you're trying to do. Absolutely. But for me, all of this stuff is used for my own kind of development work and the kind of development I'm doing is like really pushing the absolute limits of what the models can do. And so I those last IQ points are worth a lot to me. And so to me, it's a no brainer to only ever use. I only use Opus 4.7 and GPT 5.5 only ever use extra high reasoning effort. I actually do use Gemini just for code review. But those are the only models I use. And it's funny because I was in early, you know, I was involved early on in, you know, some of the open model, open weight stuff. But it's just to me, it's just sort of more interesting. I mean, look, I think there are definitely some use cases like heavily regulated industries. If you're a law firm, you could, you know, that's a reasonable thing to try to do. Like run on prem, like on your own hardware so that the data never actually has to go over the transom. Like that makes sense to me. And like you were saying, like for sort of limited use case, but like, yeah, for stuff where I'm writing this crazy code, then yeah.
