I was a math major in college, so I'm on the same page. So, anyway, I had a great time with mainframes and PCs and we did some great work there. I moved to Silicon Valley because I saw the browser in late '93 and I was like, everyone's going to be on the internet now, so I have to get to Silicon Valley. I changed careers I changed careers again when I saw the mobile, the Apple iPhone. And I've been in mobile in the 90s. So when I was prime, so when I saw the iPhone, I was like, oh, yeah, this is what we're all looking for. And I screwed around a little bit with crypto and with VR. And it was just obvious they were not the next digital platforms. But they were neat technology, but not the step chain. And I'll be back in the morning. I'll be back in the morning. I was like, let me be useful. I'll go do something with climate tech, because, you know, you can do those kind of things. Anyway, I had a great time with things. I built a billion-dollar consulting business all around climate tech. And then I saw ChatGPT, and I was like, duh, of course. We're going to rebuild everything with intelligence on demand built in. my first love, software, AI. I'm on the board of a Scottish company that is in the longevity health space, mass spectroscopy, proteomics. Mass specs are changing the same way as other hardware, mechanics, more powerful every 10 years. So they've got massive more danger. So we can look at what's happening in your proteins, not your genome, which is probability, not the images and the blood tests. That's fascinating. now so I love that and then I think this is not occupied this is not enough I want to do more what else am I going to do and I'm talking to everyone I know about you know what else do I anyway that's my so hello and you know I'm sorry that's probably too much no no it's not too much that was pretty uh abbreviated um yeah I mean look I I like I said I studied math I've sort of finding kind of interesting ways to apply math to stuff that it normally doesn't show up in, or at least in the sort of way that I did it. And yeah, like, I mean, I actually, you know, I've been a sort of fundamental long short equity analyst since 2008. And, but around 2010 or 11, in doing a Google Tech Talk about restricted Boltzmann machines and the MNIST dataset. I've always been interested in neural nets. I spent a whole summer, I think after my sophomore year, reading this massive book called the MIT Handbook of Brain Theory and Neural Nets. I was like, this is -- and it's funny because my older brother is a math genius at Harvard the neural nets it's like a dead end no one does that stuff anymore and it's funny because everyone abandoned all that stuff for like support vector machines because they were like slightly better on a couple problems and but i always just was like you know there's got to be something to this but you know you know and i would try to mess around with them but like you know you couldn't train a deep net and i was always thinking like yeah deeper to be better but you couldn't train layer-wise training of restricted Boltzmann machines. And I was like, this is it. This is, I need to figure out how to apply this to the stock market. And, you know, in my day job, I'm, like, sitting there reading transcripts and, like, 10Ks and stuff. But then I increasingly became obsessed. And, you know, I had to teach myself how to program. And back then, all this stuff was in MATLAB. That was, like, the only, that was the lingua franca. All these academics. And it was a tiny group of academics that were, like, keeping this alive. a. the people who are all famous now, like Yom Lekun and, you know, Hinton and Benji, all these people, but like, I became like obsessed with this and, and just, you know, ultimately, like long story short, that I wasn't able to get something that really worked, but I immersed myself in this in a very deep level. And I was trying so that, you know, when 2020 rolled around, I actually was just , Facebook posts I made in like May of 2020 and this was like two years before ChatGPT and they had just what happened was the GPT-3 came out and you couldn't even use it though like unless you had like you had to sort of get access through this like role playing thing but I remember I posted a thing on Facebook that I was like everybody should know about this because this is going to change everything because this model is able to like solve like SAT problems that it wasn't trained on and can explain, you know, like legal boilerplate to you in plain English. It can do like all these things like Excel formulas. I was like, this is, and so, yeah, I was sort of ready to believe, like, I already was basically convinced that deep neural nets could do anything. And it was just a matter of time. believer and sort of since then you know the things really kind of accelerated for me because i actually also kind of had a detour into crypto and as part of that i was you know writing i became essentially full-time individual contributor to my own project and um you know so i as soon as chat gpt came out i was using it to help me code and it was like copying and pasting to the browser and so you know and i just i work like insane hours and and i just and i just sort of being there with the model non-stop, I've really internalized this. And look, the other thing is I'm a writer, too. I don't know if you knew, I wrote that article about NVIDIA that crashed the stock, $600 billion in one day. I didn't know you wrote that. That's me. Well done. And so, you know, I just sort of... By the way, your thesis is still correct. Well, yeah. timing was well well i mean the timing did work because the stock fell like 40 something percent from the moment i put my you know and it's not like these calls are like good indefinitely you know and i always said in the article like that i'm a huge bull and believer in this i just think that you know maybe we'll hit an air pocket and i was actually wrong about that in part because for $20 a month and three cloud code things for $20 a month where everything was using the browser. Fast forward to today, I have 54 of the $200 a month accounts and I'm spending $12,500 a month on AI. And if I were to be paying the API rack rate that companies have to pay, it would be like $200,000 a month. And now I'm like... I'm also amazing, but I'm also a great believer that sometimes if you can get 80% of the performance at 20% of the cost, i.e. an open source Chinese model, then that is good enough for many, many tasks. where you sort of have a limited remit of what you're trying to do? Absolutely. But for me, all of this stuff is used for my own kind of development work. And the kind of development I'm doing is like really pushing the absolute limits of what the models can do. And so those last IQ points are worth a lot to me. And so to me, it's a no-brainer to only ever use. reasoning effort. I actually do use Gemini just for code review. But those are the only models I use. And it's funny because I was in early, you know, I was involved early on in, you know, some of the open model, open weight stuff. But it's just, to me, it's just sort of more interesting. I mean, look, I think there are definitely some use cases, like heavily regulated industries. If you're a law firm, you could, you know, that's a reasonable . thing to try to do like run on-prem like on your own hardware so that the data never actually has to go over the transom like that makes sense to me and like you were saying like for for sort of limited use case but like yeah for for stuff where I'm uh writing this crazy code then yeah so anyway like I that's basically turbocharged um so you know I I already was on a kind of exponential um
